About this item
Impressive Sound And Voice command: TUINYO TP19 headphones deliver High Fidelity stereo sound which results from a 40mm neodymium driver and Ear cushion design – both combining to provide superior immersive HIFI sound quality and a well-closed environment for your ears to enable you lose yourself in the music. Headphones can connect to Voice enabled Siri Assisted devices to give quick access to information depending the operating system of the device.
The memory-protein ear cushions ensure lasting wearing comfort as they simulate human skin texture.The bluetooth headset can be adjusted to the perfect fit with the help of the durable quality stainless steel slider and soft padded headband.Take it with you on your each travel to enjoy music anywhere, anytime.
Seamless Blutooth Connection :Built to provide a quick and stable Bluetooth connection. Just Long press power button and the headphones will be in ready to pair mode. The Wireless Headphones are compatible with all Bluetooth or 3.5mm plug cable enabled devices! You can also receive calls and have hands-free communication. Tuinyo Headphones are compatible with all Bluetooth devices (NOTE: It needs a Bluetooth transmitter for TV without built-in Bluetooth)
Ergonomic Design : TUINYO headphones are built from materials that are extremely nice to touch which provides the model premium outlook. The Skin-friendly memory-protein earmuffs and headbands contribute to maximum comfort regardless of long-term use. Tuinyo headset also come with a protective Premium Case - a great way to reduce wear and tear.
Long Battery Life &Dual Mode: TUINYO Headphones are Rechargeable. 800mAh battery, 40 hours of music time, 2-2.5 hours Fast Charing. After 35 hours of playtime, you can switch to wired mode and enjoy your music NON-STOP. You do not need to worry about power shortage problem for the long travel. WARRANTY: By choosing Tuinyo, you are covered 30-days Hassle-free return policy & one-year warranty. 24\*7 hours prompt & friendly customer service.
