About this item
Bluetooth 5.3, effortless pairing: the advanced Bluetooth 5.3 technology delivers a stable, low-latency wireless connection for high-quality sound(music or call). Also, the Bluetooth earbuds can connect automatically to the Bluetooth of your mobile phone when you open the charging box, avoiding complicated operations and saving waiting time.
The impressive Hi-Fi stereo sound and clear call: The wireless headphones feature 13mm drivers that boost quality sound with deep bass and mids at optimal levels that are pleasing to the ears. You will feel like an immersive concert. The built-in mic in each bluetooth earphones utilizes call noise cancellation to ensure clear and realistic sound. It will allow you to enjoy high-quality conversations anytime, anywhere.
3g only ultra-light earbud with supermini portable charging case: the pocket-sized charging case does not take up any space to carry, and you will not have any pressure on wearing the 3g ultra-light ear buds. The ergonomic design provides a comfortable and secure fit that doesn’t protrude from your ears, especially for sports, workouts, gym. With the better functions and the exquisite design, our bluetooth headphones are your better choice for a gift.
Touch control your devices of iOS or Android by the earbuds: the noise cancelling earbuds support dual-ear touch control, providing convenient operation on the volume control, previous/next song, pause and answer calls along as well as voice assistant control. Bringing you the true wireless experience when you use the iOS or Android smartphones, pc, tablets, laptops, TV... Also, nothing is more important than workout always with music.
32 hrs in total, 6-8 hrs single playtime, USB-C fast charging, and IP7 waterproof: The playtime lasts for over 6-8 hours from a single charge and a total of 32 hours with a charging case. Fully charge the rechargeable case in only 1.0 hours via a fast-charge USB-C cable. Sweat-and-weather-resistant earbuds with microphone are made with a precision-designed case to protect splashproof when you're doing the gym or running outside, so the in ear headphones must be a great sports companion.