About this item
【Newest Mini WiFi Camera】-This camera is the latest small size, wide-angle Wi-Fi camera with built-in magnet. With a 1080P full HD mini camera and a 150-degree wide-angle lens, the camera can capture details clearly, bringing you an unprecedented wide scene. The perfect surveillance camera with its compact size and prominent lens design allows you to easily and discreetly capture any lens in your home, office or car
[How to connect]- Before you use it, please charge it. 1. Download 365cam on your mobile phone. 2. Open the software, and then add the camera device through the APP.3.Choose connection way,the first AP connection(applying for direct connect). The second, AP distribution network(applying for remote monitoring), Connect to the home wifi and enter the password.4.Open the WIFI setting and find the **\*DG0**or **_DOU_**wifi hotspot, Connect and return to the app to check whether the device is online
【Excellent Nanny Camera】- camera only supports 2.4GHz router WiFi with password doesn't support 5Gwifi. Insert the micro sd card（NOT Included). We have detailed instructions to help you install more conveniently.Now you are ready to view real-time picture on the app remotely from anywhere in the world. As a nanny camera,With the help of the built-in magnet can be attached to any iron surface
[Record while charging]- This mini camera has a built-in high-quality rechargeable lithium-ion battery, which has a long battery life. In addition, the product has a snake tube data cable, you can connect it to the power supply or mobile power bank, adjust the angle of the data cable, it can charge and fix the camera while charging, keep working continuously without worrying about not being able to use it when it's out of power.
【Motion Detection And Night Vision Wireless Camera】-With upgraded smart motion detection, now you can manually set the sensor sensitivity. Once the motion is detected, the camera will send a push notification with the image to your phone. You can log in to the app at any time to see what is happening in real time. The device adopts a design, 6 non-brightness infrared infrared lamps, and a night vision distance of 5M. You can turn it on/off.
