Brand PRITOM
Model Name M10
Memory Storage Capacity 32 GB
Screen Size 10 Inches
Display Resolution Maximum 1280 x 800 Pixels
About this item
★[HIGH PERFORMANCE ANDROID TABLET ] - Pritom M10 tablets comes with 2GB RAM, 64 GB ROM, the stable Android 10 Go system and energy-saving SC7731E Quad-core Processor enables quicker app launch, smoother videos, you can enjoy better overall performance experience. In addition, it includes a Micro SD card slot (can be added a expanded 512 GB TF Card Max, NOT included), making it easy to store Pictures videos, files etc. There is NO extra bloatware installed.
★[LONG-LASTING ENTERTAINMENT] - Pritom 10 inch tablet features android 10, GMS Certified, you can download thousands of apps, such as, Netflix, YouTube, Skype, and more popular apps. The large battery and low-power CPU enhance your experience and allow you to enjoy up to 8 hours of mixed reading, watching TV shows, surfing the web, playing light games and more. It is a really good companion for your leisure and entertainment. Large IPS Touchscreen will be a plus.
★[Low bloatware & Dual Cameras] - With Front 2.0 MP & Rear 8.0 MP camera, which would bring your photos and videos to life. Pritom M10 10'' tablet rivals most of the 10 inch tablet and it is convenient for taking photos, capturing and sharing those special moments with your friends and family. Pritom M10 tablet meets your basic daily needs, such as watching videos, Live and reading. A good tablet for your choise, very Low bloatware, No ads!
★[BRILLIANT IPS DISPLAY ] - Pritom 10 inch tablet PC adopts a 1280 x 800 brilliant HD IPS display. This android tablet has a sharper hierarchy of images and richer colors, and provides shocking performance of visual experience. With the Eye Health mode, an extra feature filters out blue light to relieve visual fatigue, and optimizes the backlight for a more comfortable reading experience.
★[1-year WARRANTY & SUPPORT] - Pritom Tablet PC comes with 1-year worry-free guarantee - If it is the tablet quality issue, return it and we’ll replace it for free. Pritom team focuses on the customer's pleasant shopping experience and provides reliable customer service. Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any problem, we will give you on-time TECH SUPPORT and the better customer service. Looking foward to hearing from you(CS email).
