92% Polyester, 8% Spandex, Buttery Soft, Like Your Second Skin
Imported
Elastic closure
Machine Wash
Versatile High Waisted Printed Leggings – Designed for the modern woman these TNNZEET high waisted ankle leggings are stretchy, opaque, comfortable, non-see through, and offer all-season support. High quality basic leggings are a must for every wardrobe and our basic full length high waisted leggings are the very best quality that will give you amazing versatility and fashion combinations with wonderful style and comfort.
High-rise Coverage & Soft & Comfort – A full length legging with tummy control these pants give you a slim figure while a 4.5" flat waistband offers a great fit to stay in place better when running, jumping or exercising. Meanwhile, our basic ankle leggings have an amazing soft feel that gives you a luxurious feeling as your second skin, and fit wonderfully all around your body from ankle to your waist.
Premium Pattern and Sizes –These soft to the touch bottoms feature an all over classic hued fashion design featuring the leopard, animal, camouflage, plaid and unique abstract creatures to match your style or personal look, these body-hugging high waist bottoms will quickly become your favorite go to. TNNZEET leggings are designed to figure flattering and supportive for all sizes. "Small / Medium = One Size US 2-14", "Large / X-Large = Plus Size US 14-20" or "XX-Large = Extra Size US 22-28 ".
Fitness and Daily Wear – Beyond Yoga, Workout or these slimming tights can be worn lounging around the house, shopping, or living an active outdoor lifestyle. The high quality activewear is both affordable and accessible, perfect for fitness enthusiasts and everyday athleisure. The pattern is giving plenty of eye-catching appeal to this leg fashion piece. Pair them with a crop top and heels for a sassy sexy ensemble, or a cold shoulder sweater for something cozy, casual, and fun.
Smart Holiday Gift Idea – These stylish and comfy women’s leggings make a great gift to yourself or as a birthday, anniversary, holiday, or Christmas gift to a spouse. Due to the cut-and-sew nature of each pair of leggings, every TNNZEET pant is unique so your pair may vary from the picture you see on the website.
