About this item
2023 New Wireless 5.3 and Extremely Fast Pairing: Powered by twin bluetooth 5.3 technology, these noise cancelling wireless earbuds support binaural synchronous transmission, the connection speed is increased by 100% and ensure stable connection and super-low power consumption. Just take 2 bluetooth headphones out from the charging case, and they will connect each other automatically and then only one step easily setting to pair the earbud.
Immersive Stereo Sound and HD Call: J52 Bluetooth earbuds adopt 13mm graphene composite driver which have a wider soundstage, detailed trebles and well-defined bass(60%+). Bluetooth earphones with 4 mic which used ENC technology strongly eliminating external noise which pick up & amplify your vocals even in a crowded space. Wireless headphones in ear make your communication are now clearer than ever.
Dual LED Displays and 1Hrs Fast Chargee, Totail 42Hrs Playtime: Wireless earphones bluetooth with dual digital power display, easy to know the remaining power of earbud wireless bluetooth and case while open or close the case. 6-8 hours of listening time for a single charge and another 5 time recharges from the charging case extend the listening time up to 42 hours. Enjoy fast charging, Just charge 10 minutes, get up to 1 hour of playtime.
IP-X7 Waterproof and Mini Comfort Design: Headphones wireless bluetooth and charging case both are IP-X7 watertight and sweatproof, which prevents sweat from Immerse into sport earbud wireless headphones and damaging the components due to sweat. The single ear buds wireless bluetooth earbud is only 3g, ultra lightweight contoured design conforms to the shape of your ear which makes comfortable and stable. It won't feel uncomfortable or drop even if you wear it for a long time.
Touch Control and Wide Compatibility: Drsaec in ear headphones built in capacitive touch sensing technology allows you to control volume +/-, answer/hang up/reject calls, music control and activate voice assistant with simple touch. Our wireless earphones compatible with ios/android system devices, and most Bluetooth-enabled devices. No trouble pairing your phone with the earbuds whatever phone model you're using.
