About this item
LED Power Display and 60H Playback: Dual digital LED power display outside of the case is to show the power level for charging case and earbuds. When charging for the case, the LED light will start to flash from 1 to 100. When you put earbuds into the case, then earbuds will start to be charged. 470mAh battery capacity charging case can provide 6 times full charging for both earbuds, each earbud can last 5H on single charging. So, you can enjoy 60H music time in total via using in turn.
Wireless Charging and IPX5 Waterproof: The charging case of these bluetooth earbuds support wireless charging and USB C cable charging. These wireless headphones are rating at IPX5 waterproof, the nano-coating on earbuds surface can prevent water and sweat from penetrating, which can use as sport wireless headsets. You can listen to the music while running, working, reading, sleeping, meeting, etc.
One-Step Pairing and Easy Touch Control: TAGRY X08 bluetooth earphones adopts hall switch. After first connection, these wireless earphones will connect with your device once you open the charging case, which is faster and more convenient. During using, you can touch either earbud to control the phone, such as the music switch, volume adjustment, phone calls, voice assistant, etc. No need to adjust through your mobile phones.
Ergonomic Design and Lightweight: TAGRY X08 headphones' structure is the study of thousands of people's ear canal before design. Comes with three different sizes of ear tips, our X08 are fit for most people's ear cannals. These wireless bluetooth headphones are small and light, single earbud is only 0.14oz, earbud size is 1.57*0.78*0.59in, charging case size is 2.56*2.16*1in, It’s more convenient to carry.
Superior Clear Call and Immersive Stereo Sound: These music earphones with 13mm speakers and triple-layer composite diaphragms provide powerful bass, stunning treble and clear mids. These earbuds are designed for sound and music lovers. It can support the mono mode and twin stereo mode, you can share the earbuds with your friends and families. Each earbud has a build-in microphone for phone calls. CVC noise reduction can make others hear your voice very clearly while phone calls.