Brand	TCL
Model Name	TCL 30XL NIGHT MIST
Wireless Carrier	Unlocked
Operating System	Android 12.0
Cellular Technology	4G
Memory Storage Capacity	64 GB

About this item
Unlocked Smartphone - The TCL 30XL works with most major U.S. carriers, including Verizon, AT&T and T-Mobile. This android phone is also compatible with Tracfone, Straight talk, Metro PCS, Simple Mobile, Cricket, Ultra Mobile, H2O, Tello, Consumer Cellular, RedPocket (Only GSMA network), Pure talk, Viya, etc. This cell phone isn't compatible with Visible or CDMA networks, such as Assurance wireless, Spectrum, Xfinity, Boost Mobile, etc.
Cinematic Viewing Experience - Featuring a 6.82 inch expansive screen with 20.5:9 aspect ratio and dual speakers design, the TCL 30XL android phone allows you to enjoy the thrill of cinematic viewing. The unique TCL NXTVISION Technology is able to boost color, clarity and contrast of visuals while protecting your eyes from harmful blue light. This TCL phone can work as a decent gaming phone, and is also perfect for streaming video and making video calls.
Large Battery, Fun for All Day - The 5000mAh mighty battery of this unlocked android smartphone can power up your entertainment for up to 3 days on one charge (estimated data based on internal lab test). With 18W fast-charging and an on-the-go reverse charging (OTG cable not included) option you can fuel and refuel your mobile phone in an instant.
Powerful, Smooth and Safe - With the 6GB Ram storage and Octa-Core processor, this unlocked cell phone provides you with an instant response time. Keep all of your precious memories with the 64GB built-in storage, and even more with a Micro SD card (sold separately) that lets you add up to 512GB memory. You can also multitask smoothly thanks to the Android 12 operating system and the floating window mode. The phone’s face unlock technology brings a carefree experience with abundant joy.
Seize the Beauty of Life - Explore the allure of highly detailed shots and broad landscape with the 50MP AI quad camera of this android phone. The AI camera system can optimize your picture according to different lighting conditions, and clear any unnecessary object that you select in the background, allowing you to be the protagonist all the time. The 13MP front-facing selfie camera of this stylish smartphone can capture you in a unique way.
PLEASE NOTE：TCL 30 XL mobile phone does not support NFC. It will not work with touchless pay apps (such as google pay) and most transportation apps (such as LA tap). This Model comes with a one-year limited US manufacturer warranty, single sim and Nano size sim card only.